fix cocoa ui event perf option name (#5341)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

## UIViewController Instrumentation

This feature is available for iOS, tvOS, and Mac Catalyst, is enabled by default, and works for `UIViewControllers`.

> The `UIViewController` Instrumentation captures transactions when your app loads an in-app [`UIViewController`][UIViewController]. However, the SDK doesn't capture transactions for `UIViewControllers` of third-party libraries or SwiftUI.

Reviewer: It's weird to pluralize `UIViewControllers`, because that's not what you would see/put in your code, so I made everything singular to get around that.

```suggestion
The `UIViewController` Instrumentation captures transactions when your app loads an in-app [`UIViewController`][UIViewController]. However, the SDK doesn't capture transactions for the `UIViewController` of a third-party library or SwiftUI.
```
